today I am joined by researchers who
invent some of the most advanced metals
on the planet designers who are modeling
prototypes in the digital cloud folks
from the Pentagon who helped to support
their work basically I'm here to
announce that we're building Iron Man
I'm going to blast off in a second we've
been this has been a secret project
we've been working on for a while not
really maybe it's classified
stoners well y'all seen a mother fucking
video nigga said he was building
motherfucking Iron Man and laugh she
said we've been building it for a while
there maybe not then it's like
classified information well you know
okay well we here nigga what are y'all
niggas ain't daddy Google series didn t
go serious I mean I didn't take it that
suit why not anything is possible oh
yeah thought he was being such you know
personally I thought he was being a
little sarcastic you know I mean he's he
chuckled when he said before when you
spoke about the spy drones though any I
mean yes there's a lot of technology um
anything's possible but as far as them
coming out with an iron man soon or
anything of that sort that's gonna be
walking the streets actually detaining
people not not not anywhere not ten
years from now everybody has their own
opinion right and by 48 hours just go
read the comments I mean think about it
you bad it may be true think about it
they will have to make a robot that has
to go off of it has to respond to your
its responded to everything you say cops
don't react the same way you watch the
show cops it's different every scenario
you feel me so what about with a robot
that those little robots it out there
going like houses and Fergus fucking
defuse bombs and shit gonna be like
similar case like just not something in
a different larger form I mean no
because a bomb a robot knowing how to
defuse a bomb is that's knowledge any
you know like you're dealing with people
family matters when you go and you go
knock on someone's door house there how
is a robot gonna arrest two people
that's having them
sticky no domestic violence you have to
go make a decision often control the
robot the same way like they have some
type of device where you know they can
verbally and communicate with whoever
they're interacting with to say hey
robot x y&z you do this and that dude
it's not but you can't put anything past
I've coming now adays buddies are the
sneakiest most corrupt motherfuckers
walking I agree I agree but I don't know
i just don't think we'll see that
anytime soon I saw him saying it's
possible and I think possibly technology
has improved a lot over the last 10
years but I don't think we'll see that
anytime soon that's all I'm saying cool
cool your feedback on it
I said minds I think it's I don't put
enough class to go you know what I'm
against and SE teeny the reason why I
believe it may be true because of the
history of this nigga Obama and it
should he's done it since he's been in
office like this motherfucker is a war
criminal and for him to have a device to
you know not put human lives at risk any
more to go ahead and do his dirty work I
think he's he's been waiting for this
he's like yeah everybody got their own
opinion like a man said but I'm spread
shit government is evil now you have it
I haven't seen shit yet that's all I'm
sorry wait like I can we show let me see
the property ten two thousand I haven't
seen shoot yeah so that's best that's
what I just I feel like it's real cuz
dey no coincidence area to have it for a
reason and all that shit all the major
shit that happened in America that shit
was playing ten five years ahead of time
in the ghee subliminal message I don't
know he maybe could have been playing he
could have been serious I'm just waiting
to see what what what happens next
subliminal message he knew people he
said as a joke so people could laugh but
his mind's eye yeah I'm dead-ass serious
stuff and he said maybe cook up a couple
years ago he made a joke cuz i guess um
cuz he he used his daughter's name and
reference to the Jonas Brothers cuz some
shit he like I Predator drones or yell
watch out and that the plot the crowd
just fucking Clapton like Nikki just
trying to kill y'all with fucking
Predator drones like
I think I guess we all know it to the
happy film then people don't let off I'm
taking it too serious a serious it was
being sarcastic what if he wasn't what
of the world what what if they call
martial law and whole bunch of robots
has come out the ground and then you're
you're trapped in your neighborhood
right you can't do nothing without you
know being instructed by these these
devices
you
because first of all how would they have
gotten into the ground they blow it just
came out today and I think what what
Jill was the Alcatraz there was like
some some type of underground lair or
some type of shit I just got really read
the full story but yeah it's been it's
been a conspiracy that you know these
politicians have these underground
civilizations and shit like there's a
possibility it could be underground
right now as we speak my nigga and
biggest problem that like we only see
certain amount of shit with our eyes
human eye so much shit in visual that we
don't see it could be because I decided
of course he made a joke the time left
that they've been working on it's
classified like they could have been
working on this right 30 years oh yeah
and he said when he when he said no I'm
just kidding then he said maybe and left
foot is that didn't you know so much
yeah if he was really kidding you
would've ever days six minutes long I
know these niggas like I gotta sit here
listen to these three niggas smoke weed
for six minutes nigga fuck y'all crack
isn't it yeah but yeah until next time
I'm is a boy crip around Paul your
favorite freedom fighter favorite female
fighter tugging it everywhere you know
what it is shout out to anybody shout
out to the squad Jim shoutout ICT
smaller this
Tom I terrace out there salute all real
on a PR real nigga smoke weed every day
fuck the government to chill my nigga
Sean Sean